first for 800 milliliters of water into
a pan turn the heat to high add two
small pieces of kombu seaweed to the
water then add a piece of shiitake
mushroom this will become our stock and
so leave the bottle for over 10 minutes
lift up the two flaps at the top of the
tofu Contin and cut off on both sides
then cut the top open pour the tofu out
of the pack onto a board while draining
the excess water careful not to break
the block as it is very soft and fragile
we will only use half the pan for this
dish first cut through the middle then
interact angles and then into mini cube
pieces this silken tofu has just enough
firmness to retain its shape cut the
spring onion into two then into thin
small pieces officially called scallion
these green hollow leaves are often used
in many Asian dishes
the stock should now be ready add 1tbsp
of will Tomi seaweed flakes to the pan
this will expand rapidly so only a small
amount is necessary get the miso of your
choice add 2 tbsp of DSO through a sieve
and stir slowly
this will remove the bits of the soybean
skin then add the rest of the
ingredients first the tofu pieces then
the spring onions simmer on very low
heat to preserve the beneficial enzymes
in the Mesa the result is a
well-balanced soup containing shiitake
mushrooms and miso with seaweed and tofu
we made this dish using clear spring
silken tofu kombu seaweed shiitake
mushrooms brown rice miso paste we'll
call me flakes and spring onions
this dish can be made using any of our
miso paste in our ranging from barley to
actually sir you can also use this
versatile tofu in making you dough foo a
popular dish in Japan also see vegetable
with tofu salad is a quick and easy side
dish to prepare
you